# \UserDataApi

All URIs are relative to *https://matrix.org/_matrix*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**get_token_owner**](UserDataApi.md#get_token_owner) | **get** /client/r0/account/whoami | Gets information about the owner of an access token.
[**register**](UserDataApi.md#register) | **post** /client/r0/register | Register for an account on this homeserver.



## get_token_owner

> ::models::Model200Whoami get_token_owner(ctx, )
Gets information about the owner of an access token.

Gets information about the owner of a given access token. Note that, as with the rest of the Client-Server API, Application Services may masquerade as users within their namespace by giving a `user_id` query parameter. In this situation, the server should verify that the given `user_id` is registered by the appservice, and return it in the response body.

### Required Parameters

This endpoint does not need any parameter.

### Return type

[**::models::Model200Whoami**](200_whoami.md)

### Authorization

[accessToken](../README.md#accessToken)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: Not defined
- **Accept**: application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


## register

> ::models::Model200Register register(optional)
Register for an account on this homeserver.

This API endpoint uses the `User-Interactive Authentication API`_.  Register for an account on this homeserver.  There are two kinds of user account:  - `user` accounts. These accounts may use the full API described in this specification.  - `guest` accounts. These accounts may have limited permissions and may not be supported by all servers.  If registration is successful, this endpoint will issue an access token the client can use to authorize itself in subsequent requests.  If the client does not supply a ``device_id``, the server must auto-generate one.  The server SHOULD register an account with a User ID based on the ``username`` provided, if any. Note that the grammar of Matrix User ID localparts is restricted, so the server MUST either map the provided ``username`` onto a ``user_id`` in a logical manner, or reject ``username``\\s which do not comply to the grammar, with ``M_INVALID_USERNAME``.  Matrix clients MUST NOT assume that localpart of the registered ``user_id`` matches the provided ``username``.  The returned access token must be associated with the ``device_id`` supplied by the client or generated by the server. The server may invalidate any access token previously associated with that device. See `Relationship between access tokens and devices`_.

### Required Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **optional** | **map[string]interface{}** | optional parameters | nil if no parameters

### Optional Parameters

Optional parameters are passed through a map[string]interface{}.

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **kind** | **String**| The kind of account to register. Defaults to `user`. | [default to user]
 **register_request_body** | [**RegisterRequestBody**](RegisterRequestBody.md)|  | 

### Return type

[**::models::Model200Register**](200_register.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: application/json
- **Accept**: application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

